Machine learning (ML) is a branch of artificial intelligence (AI) that enables computers to self-learn from training data and improve over time, without being explicitly programmed.are able to detect patterns in data and learn from them, in order to make their own predictions. In short, machine learning algorithms and models learn through experience. \n \n In traditional programming, a computer engineer writes a series of directions that instruct a computer how to transform input data into a desired output. Instructions are mostly based on an IF-THEN structure: when certain conditions are met, the program executes a specific action. \n \n Machine learning, on the other hand, is an automated process that enables machines to solve problems with little or no human input, and take actions based on past observations. \n \n Whileare often used interchangeably, they are two different concepts. AI is the broader concept  machines making decisions, learning new skills, and solving problems in a similar way to humans  whereas machine learning is a subset of AI that enables intelligent systems to autonomously learn new things from data. \n \n Instead of programming machine learning algorithms to perform tasks, you can feed them examples of labeled data (known as), which helps them make calculations, process data, and identify patterns automatically. \n \n Put simply, Googles Chief Decision Scientist describes machine learning as. After teaching machines to label things like apples and pears, by showing them examples of fruit, eventually they will start labeling apples and pears without any help  provided they have learned from appropriate and accurate training examples. \n \n Machine learning can be put to work on massive amounts of data and can perform much more accurately than humans. It can help you save time and money on tasks and analyses, liketo improve customer satisfaction,, andfrom internal sources and all over the internet. \n \n To understand how machine learning works, youll need to explore different machine learning methods and algorithms, which are basically sets of rules that machines use to make decisions. Below, youll find the five most common and most used types of machine learning: \n \n and supervised learning models make predictions based on labeled training data. Each training sample includes an input and a desired output. A supervised learning algorithm analyzes this sample data and makes an inference  basically, an educated guess when determining the labels for unseen data. \n \n This is the most common and popular approach to machine learning. Its supervised because these models need to be fed manually tagged sample data to learn from. Data is labeled to tell the machine what patterns (similar words and images, data categories, etc.) it should be looking for and recognize connections with. \n \n For example, if you want to automatically detect spam, you would need to feed a machine learning algorithm examples of emails that you want classified as spam and others that are important, and should not be considered spam. \n \n In classification tasks, the output value is a category with a finite number of options. For example, with this, you can automatically classify data as positive, negative, or neutral. \n \n Lets say you want to analyze customer support conversations to understand your clients emotions: are they happy or frustrated after contacting your customer service team? Aclassifier can automatically tag responses for you, like in the below: \n \n In regression tasks, the expected result is a continuous number. This model is used to predict quantities, such as the probability an event will happen, meaning the output may have any number value within a certain range. Predicting the value of a property in a specific neighborhood or the spread of COVID19 in a particular region are examples of regression problems. \n \n uncover insights and relationships in unlabeled data. In this case, models are fed input data but the desired outcomes are unknown, so they have to make inferences based on circumstantial evidence, without any guidance or training. The models are not trained with the right answer, so they must find patterns on their own. \n \n One of the most common types of unsupervised learning is clustering, which consists of grouping similar data. This method is mostly used for exploratory analysis and can help you detect hidden patterns or trends. \n \n For example, the marketing team of an e-commerce company could. Given a set of income and spending data, a machine learning model can identify groups of customers with similar behaviors. \n \n Segmentation allows marketers to tailor strategies for each key market. They might offer promotions and discounts for low-income customers that are high spenders on the site, as a way to reward loyalty and improve retention. \n \n In this case, the model uses labeled data as an input to make inferences about the unlabeled data, providing more accurate results than regular supervised-learning models. \n \n This approach is gaining popularity, especially for tasks involving large datasets such as image classification. Semi-supervised learning doesnt require a large number of labeled data, so its faster to set up, more cost-effective than supervised learning methods, and ideal for businesses that receive huge amounts of data. \n \n is concerned with how a software agent (or computer program) ought to act in a situation to maximize the reward. In short, reinforced machine learning models attempt to determine the best possible path they should take in a given situation. They do this through trial and error. Since there is no training data, machines learn from their own mistakes and choose the actions that lead to the best solution or maximum reward. \n \n This machine learning method is mostly used in robotics and gaming. Video games demonstrate a clear relationship between actions and results, and can measure success by keeping score. Therefore, theyre a great way to improve reinforcement learning algorithms. \n \n models can be supervised, semi-supervised, or unsupervised (or a combination of any or all of the three). Theyre advanced machine learning algorithms used by tech giants, like Google, Microsoft, and Amazon to run entire systems and power things, like self driving cars and smart assistants. \n \n Deep learning is based on, a type of computer system that emulates the way the human brain works. Deep learning algorithms or neural networks are built with multiple layers of interconnected neurons, allowing multiple systems to work together simultaneously, and step-by-step. \n \n When a model receives input data  which could be image, text, video, or audio  and is asked to perform a task (for example,), the data passes through every layer, enabling the model to learn progressively. Its kind of like a human brain that evolves with age and experience! \n \n Deep learning is common in image recognition, speech recognition, and. Deep learning models usually perform better than other machine learning algorithms for complex problems and massive sets of data. However, they generally require millions upon millions of pieces of training data, so it takes quite a lot of time to train them. \n \n In order to understand how machine learning works, first you need to know what a tag is. To train image recognition, for example, you would tag photos of dogs, cats, horses, etc., with the appropriate animal name. This is also called. \n \n When working with, you would feed a text analysis model with text training data, then tag it, depending on what kind of analysis youre doing. If youre working with sentiment analysis, you would feed the model with, for example, and train the model by tagging each comment as Positive, Neutral, and Negative. \n \n Tag training data with a desired output. In this case, tell your sentiment analysis model whether each comment or piece of data isPositive, Neutral,orNegative. The model transforms the training data into numbers that represent data features. \n \n Test your model by feeding it testing (or unseen) data. Algorithms are trained to associate feature vectors with tags based on manually tagged samples, then learn to make predictions when processing unseen data. \n \n If your new model performs to your standards and criteria after testing it, its ready to be put to work on all kinds of new data. If its not performing accurately, youll need to keep training. Furthermore, as human language and industry-specific language morphs and changes, you may need to continually train your model with new information. \n \n and use cases are nearly endless, especially as we begin to work from home more (or have), become more tied to our smartphones, and use machine learning-guided technology to get around. \n \n , healthcare, hospitality, government, and beyond, is already in regular use. Businesses are beginning to see the benefits of using machine learning tools to improve their processes, gain valuable insights from, and automate tasks that would otherwise require hours of tedious, manual work (which usually produces much less accurate results). \n \n For example,to estimate optimum times for drivers to pick up food orders, whileand. Andto save hundreds of hours analyzing thousands of employee surveys to listen to theand improve employee satisfaction. \n \n There are many different applications of machine learning, which can benefit your business in countless ways. Youll just need to define a strategy to help you decide the best way to implement machine learning into your existing processes. In the meantime, here are some common machine learning use cases and applications that might spark some ideas: \n \n and immediately identify if customers require urgent attention. By detecting mentions from angry customers, in real-time, you canand respond right away. You might also want to analyze customer support interactions on social media and gauge, to see how well your team is performing. \n \n gives machines the ability to break down spoken or written language much like a human would, to process natural language, so machine learning can handle text from practically any source. \n \n Machine learning allows you to, so you can analyze your emails, live chats, and all manner of internal data on the go. You can use machine learning to tag support tickets and route them to the correct teams or auto-respond to common queries so you never leave a customer in the cold. \n \n Furthermore, using machine learning to set up aand awill ensure that you follow the customer journey from start to finish to improve the customer experience (CX),, and, ultimately, increase your profits. \n \n Self-driving cars also use image recognition to perceive space and obstacles. For example, they can learn to recognize stop signs, identify intersections, and make decisions based on what they see. \n \n Virtual assistants, like Siri, Alexa, Google Now, all make use of machine learning to automatically process and answer voice requests. They quickly scan information, remember related queries, learn from previous interactions, and send commands to other apps, so they can collect information and deliver the most effective answer. \n \n is a machine learning technique that can be used to analyze purchasing habits at the supermarket or on e-commerce sites. It works by searching for relationships between variables and finding common associations in transactions (products that consumers usually buy together). This data is then used for product placement strategies and similar product recommendations. \n \n Machine learning algorithms can be trained to identify trading opportunities, by recognizing patterns and behaviors in historical data. Humans are often driven by emotions when it comes to making investments, socan play a huge role in identifying good and bad investing opportunities, with no human bias, whatsoever. They can even save time and. \n \n The ability of machines to find patterns in complex data is shaping the present and future. Take, for instance. AI tools have helped predict how the virus will spread over time, and shaped how we control it. Its also helped diagnose patients by analyzing lung CTs and detecting fevers using facial recognition, and identified patients at a higher risk of developing serious respiratory disease. \n \n Machine learning is driving innovation in many fields, and every day were seeing new interesting use cases emerge. In business, the overall benefits of machine learning include: \n \n Its cost-effective and scalable.You only need to train a machine learning model once, and you can scale up or down depending on how much data you receive. \n \n Performs more accurately than humans.Machine learning models are trained with a certain amount of labeled data and will use it to make predictions on unseen data. Based on this data, machines define a set of rules that they apply to all datasets, helping them provide consistent and accurate results. No need to worry about human error or innate bias. And you can train the tools to the needs and criteria of your bus||||  Taipei, Taiwan (CNN)China\'s threat to Taiwan is "more serious than ever," but the island will stand firm to protect its freedom and democracy -- including by welcoming those who support it, Taiwan\'s Foreign Minister Joseph Wu told CNN in an interview Monday. \n \n "China has always been threatening Taiwan for years and it\'s getting more serious in the last few years," Wu said. "Whether Speaker Pelosi visits Taiwan or not, the Chinese military threat against Taiwan has always been there and that is the fact that we need to deal with." \n \n Welcoming overseas friends to the island was a key part of Taiwan\'s strategy to counter China\'s attempts to isolate it from the international community-- regardless of the potential backlash from Beijing, Wu said. \n \n "(China) cannot dictate to Taiwan that we should not welcome anyone who likes to come and show support for Taiwan," said Wu, who has served assince 2018. \n \n -- the first by a sitting House Speaker to the island in 25 years -- wasby China\'s ruling Communist Party, which views Taiwan as its territory despite never having controlled it. \n \n In the wake of Pelosi\'s visit, Beijing has ramped up pressure on Taiwan, including via, the launch of missilesfor the first time, and drills that Taipei has said were meant toagainst its main island and navy. \n \n But as the live-fire drills raised global fears of a possible military conflict, the mood in Taiwan remained calm, with life carrying on as usual with packed restaurants and crowded public transport. \n \n "I worry that China may really launch a war against Taiwan," he said. "But what it is doing right now is trying to scare us and the best way to deal with it (is) to show to China that we are not scared." \n \n "Since her travel is always subject to a lot of considerations, especially security considerations ... we were not able to find out until the very last moment when she firmed up her plan," Wu said, adding Taipei knew the itinerary a few days beforehand, but not the exact timing of her arrival. \n \n The visit from the speaker and an accompanying congressional delegation included meetings at Taiwan\'s legislature and the office of Taiwanese President Tsai Ing-wen, where Pelosi said they came to send an "unequivocal message" that "America stands with Taiwan." \n \n Wu said his most memorable impression of the trip was greeting Pelosi and the delegation at the airport, where she "showed her charm" by saying she'd been looking forward to her visit for a long time. \n \n "And by the time she departed, she not only said goodbye to me, but also said goodbye to the ground crew, the security people, and to those people who had been taking care of the airport, one by one," Wu said. \n \n When asked whether the United States would increase its support for Taiwan after the visit, Wu said the US has always been "highly supportive" of Taiwan -- but the current support was "unprecedented." \n \n In an exclusive interview with CNN last October, Taiwan\'s President Tsai Ing-wensome US military trainers were in Taiwan -- the first time a Taiwanese leader had admitted to their presence since Washington and Taipei severed diplomatic ties in 1979. \n \n But perceptions of American supportagainst the speaker\'s visit, with China\'s foreign ministry issuing a statement on the heels of Pelosi\'s arrival Tuesday evening saying her trip would have a "severe impact on the political foundation of China-US relations," and "gravely undermines peace and stability across the Taiwan Strait." \n \n Beijing announced the large-scale military exercises in what it said were six zones around the island of Taiwan swiftly after Pelosi\'s arrival, in response to what it viewed as an infringement of China\'s "sovereignty and territorial integrity." \n \n While the US and many of its allies have decried the drills, China defended its actions as "legitimate and justified," saying it was the US, not China, who was "the biggest saboteur and destabilizer of peace in the Taiwan Strait," where China claims "sovereign rights and jurisdiction." \n \n Taiwan and China have been governed separately since themore than seven decades ago, in which the defeated Nationalists fled to Taipei. Taiwanin the 1990s, and is now ranked one of the freest jurisdictions in Asia by Freedom House, a US-based non-profit organization. \n \n In recent years, as his power has grown, Chinese leader Xi Jinping has made clear his ambitions to "reunify" with the island -- by force if necessary. \n \n Wu accused China of trying to change the status quo in the Taiwan Strait, including by conducting military exercises in recent days-- the halfway point between the island and mainland China that has previously been an informal but largely respected border of control between Beijing and Taipei. \n \n Dozens of Chinese warplanes crossed the median line between Thursday and Sunday, according to accounts from Taiwan\'s Defense Ministry. While the informal median line has largely preserved peace in the Taiwan Strait for decades, China now openly denies its existence. \n \n "This kind of behavior is wrecking the status quo, and it\'s wrecking peace and stability in this region and it should not be accepted," Wu said, adding that China had sought to declare the Taiwan Strait as its internal waters for "some time" before Pelosi\'s visit. \n \n That had implications beyond Taiwan as China seeks to expand its influence across the Western Pacific, Wu said. But he added that he remained optimistic about the future. \n \n "Democracy is going to prevail," he said. "If you look at authoritarianism, it\'s not resilient. It may appear strong, and it may appear to be expanding. But it\'s not resilient and at some point is going to break." \n \n "It depends on the will of the Chinese leaders to see whether they want to pursue the relations with Taiwan ... in a peaceful and stable manner." \n \n Wu said he doesn't know whether Chinese leaders "have made up their mind" to use force to take Taiwan, but Taiwanese officials were "looking at several different scenarios," in particular due to concerns that Beijing could seek to divert attention from domestic problems by creating a crisis in the Taiwan Strait. \n \n "The important thing for us is that we need to be prepared," Wu said. "We want to defend the freedom and democracy that we enjoy over here. Nobody can take that away fro||||  Seoul, South Korea (CNN)China\'sshow Beijing doesn't need to invade Taiwan to control it -- rather it can strangle the self-ruled island, cutting it off from the outside world, Chinese and American analysts say. \n \n The People\'s Liberation Army (PLA) drills, which officially began last Thursday, focused on six zones that essentially encircled Taiwan, restricting access to civilian ships and aircraft in the area, as forces conducted \n \n Meng Xiangqing, a professor at the PLA National Defense University, said the six areas were chosen to show how China could cut off Taiwan\'s ports, attack its most important military installations, and sever access for foreign forces that may come to Taiwan\'s aid. \n \n "Connect the six areas in a line, like a noose, with the knot of the noose right in the southwest direction," Meng said in an interview with state-run broadcaster CCTV. \n \n China\'s Communist Party views democratic Taiwan as its territory -- despite never having controlled it. Uniting Taiwan with the mainland is a cornerstone of Chinese policy and President Xi Jinping has not ruled out the use of force to bring the island under Beijing\'s control. \n \n Meng noted the northern exercise areas had successfully sealed off Taiwan from Okinawa, the island where both Japan and the United States base substantial military assets. In the southern areas, the PLA showed it could control the Bashi Channel, "the only way to enter and exit the South China Sea," he said. And in the eastern areas, China\'s forces showed that accurate Chinese missile fire could force foreign warships to back away from Taiwan\'s waters, he added. \n \n The exercises kicked off after US House Speaker Nancy Pelosi angered Beijing by visiting Taipei last week to show her support for democracy on the island. \n \n Beijing flooded the seas and skies around Taiwan with ships and jets -- as many as 80 Chinese warplanes and vessels were detected in the Taiwan Strait Sunday, according to Taiwan\'s Defense Ministry. \n \n On previous days, the PLA also fired rockets toward small, Taiwan-controlled islands near the mainland, and launched ballistic missiles farther afield, with some flying over Taiwan and falling in the ocean east of the island. Five splashed down in Japan\'s Exclusive Economic Zone -- a message to one of Taiwan\'s key supporters as well as the government in Taipei. \n \n A map of the six Chinese exercise areas "clearly plots out where the Chinese think the key operating areas are for their strategic intimidation of Taiwan," Mick Ryan, an adjunct fellow at the Center for Strategic and International Studies and former Australian Army general, wrote on Twitter. \n \n Carl Schuster, a former director of operations at the US Pacific Command\'s Joint Intelligence Center in Hawaii said the blockade of six zonesshowed that any takeover of Taiwan could begin with an isolation strategy. \n \n "The exercise demonstrated that blockade in a conflict need not require a constant naval presence offshore, but rather, shipping and air traffic can be deterred by air and missile threats in support of a maritime blockade," Schuster said. \n \n "The exercise ... suggests Beijing would first isolate Taiwan and resort to air and missile strikes in hopes of breaking Taipei\'s political will. A costly invasion probably is a last resort," Schuster said. \n \n Schuster said much of what Beijing demonstrated had long been in the works. The drills coincided with standard military exercises on the PLA\'s training calendar, but he said Pelosi\'s visit allowed China to make a bigger statement. \n \n "The size, geographic expanse and complexity of the exercise reflected months of planning," he said. "This exercise marks the latest escalation in China\'s expanding military exercise and Taiwan-intimidation campaign." \n \n He said he expects the PLA will continue to put pressure on Taiwan, and could also send a message to Japan with more drills to the north of the island. \n \n New exercises are also likely in the South China Sea, the 1.3 million square miles of water, almost all of which China claims as its sovereign territory, where Beijing has built up military fortifications on contested islands, Schuster said. \n \n While continuing exercises will allow the PLA to refine its tactics and operations, they also can provide an opportunity for adversaries to learn about the modern Chinese military, experts say. \n \n With last week\'s drills, Xi had to demonstrate he would not waverSchuster said. Pelosi\'s visit to the island posed a direct threat to that by presenting an alternative vision of democracy. \n \n "(Pelosi) leads the democratically elected branch that originates America\'s government funding and economic policies. Her position and role makes her commitment to Taiwan\'s security particularly significant," Schuster said. \n \n The measures include the cancellation of future phone calls and meetings between Chinese and US military leaders and the suspension of cooperation on matters including the repatriation of illegal immigrants, legal assistance on criminal matters and the combat of transnational crimes. Talks on climate change were also susp|||| 